processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv14.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv16.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv17.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv18.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv19.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv20.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv24.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv25.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv26.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv27-1.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv27-2.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv28.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv29.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv30.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv31.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv32.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv33.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv35.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv36.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_alv37.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva01.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva02.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva03.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva04.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva05.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva06.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva07.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva08.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva09.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva10.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva12.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva13.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva14.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_eva15.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis20.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis21.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis22.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis23.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis24.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis25.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis26.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis28.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis30.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis32.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis33.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis35.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gis37.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui16.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui17.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui19.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui21.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui22.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui23.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui24.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui25.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui26.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui27a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui27b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui28.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui29.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui30a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui30b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui30c.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui31.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui32.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui33.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui34.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui35a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui35b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui35c.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_gui36.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor02.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor03.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor04.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor05.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor06.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor07.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor08.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor09.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor10.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jor11.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul108a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul108b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul109a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul109b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul110.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul111a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul111b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul200a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul200b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul201a.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul201b.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul202.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul203.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul204.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul205.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_jul206.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau21.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau22.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau23.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau26.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau27.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau28.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau29.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau30.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau31.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau32.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau35.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_lau36.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir00.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir01.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir02.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir03.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir04.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir05.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir06.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir07.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir08.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir09.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir10.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir11.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir12.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir13.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir14.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir15.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir16.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir17.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir18.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir19.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir20.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir21.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir22.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir23.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir24.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir25.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir26.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir27.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir28.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir29.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir30.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir31.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir32.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir33.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_mir34.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas01.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas02.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas03.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas05.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas06.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas07.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas08.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas09.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas10.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas11.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas12.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas13.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas14.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas15.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas16.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas17.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas18.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas19.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas20.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas21.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas22.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas23.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas24.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas25.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas26.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas27.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas28.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas29.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas30.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas31.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas32.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas33.cha
processed /fhgfs/bootphon/scratch/lfibla/seg/SegCatSpa/corpus_database/cat_big/cat_pas34.cha
